Running Notes / To Do: 

Copy/Paste to signify completion:

✅	- complete 
⬜️	- incomplete
❌ 	- cancelled



-- LAYOUT -- 
❌	Add footer to page with additional links for easy navigation. 
✅ 	Give DRAFT navbar item a background so it pops. 


-- HOME --
✅	Fix button width on "how to play" and "draft your tribe" buttons. 
✅	Need to update other buttons at the bottom of the page. 
		Add some pizzaz to them! More than just text on a button. Maybe change the text/layout of them as well because their pretty tall right now. 
✅	Some welcome text on the home page wouldn't hurt. 
		Should be after the main 2 buttons referenced above I think. Should be 1-2 sentences that help people understand what they're looking at and guiding them to how to learn more. 



-- CAST --
⬜️	Generate ChatGPT recaps for contestants from season 47
		Add the text to prisma db for contestants 1 - 18 (Season 47 cast)



-- SCORES --
✅	Add help text for users to click dropdown caret to see a Player's full tribe
✅	Add help text for suers to click id icon on contestants to see more details.
❌	Add a fun lil podium graphic for top 3 winners from a season and payout amounts(?)
		Should remain on screen, but be empty for seasons still in progress.  
⬜️	Need to configure scoring. Tried but got infinite page reloads which broke app. 
		I feel like on the SCORES page load, I need to get contestant scores from a new API request and store those in a state variable. (Already a scores option for contestatns) so don't need new state variable, but I do need to run the code to get their scores and just pull the scores from that. It's not working rn. 
⬜️	Add a sort to the contestants in a given PlayerTribe to rank them by SS, and then rank them.... actually scratch that. 
		Should I rank by status? I think so. Rank alphabetically, with people voted out at the bottom - should do the same sort for CAST Page. 



-- RULES --
⬜️	Add content to 'Picking Your Tribe' section
		Add more detailed instructions on how to draft your tribe. 
⬜️	Add FAQ to bottom of rules. Link to this from homepage?
✅	There is a weird black space at the bottom of the page, fix/remove it!
✅	Should people draft BEFORE OR AFTER episode 1? 
\--------> AFTER EPISODE 1




-- DRAFT --
⬜️	Add help text to DRAFT page, guidance on how to draft and make your tribe
		"Wait! Before you draft, have you reviewed the rules?"
		Help text before form portion of traft where people write their emails and stuff
⬜️	IMPORTANT - Fix flow after tribe submittal so that user is redirected to scores page where they can see their new tribe at the top of the list. 
⬜️	Make it so that submit button is disabled after submission to prevent double tribe submissions
⬜️	MAKE A DECISION - Will contestants be able to draft a sole survivor?
		Leaning towards yes. But what does that mean?
			Do they get extra points for that player? Do they get a one time bonus if their pick wins? 
		Should be simple to implement:
			SS will be first of their team, first pick. Instead of green it will be gold and instead of check icon it will have crown or trophy icon. 
			BUT - if user removes SS from tribal selection, it will automatically make the next drafted contestant their SS pick. Could be confusing!
⬜️	Do I need phone number? Can probably lose either phone number or email. Don't konw if people want to submit both, not a huge deal though. 




-- RECAPS --
⬜️ 	Make Page
		Add consistent graphic and logo to top of page
⬜️ 	Create primsa db to contain weekly general recaps
		Include id, season, week, content, date/time
		formatting? How will different paragraphs work?
		Maybe make JSON file containing contents and reference that instead of prisma db??
⬜️ 	Format recaps to read easily and in order
⬜️ 	Add season selector to choose which season to read recaps



-- OTHER/SITE-WIDE -- 
⬜️	Figure out payment!!! 
		Have a disclaimer in the draft page that says tribe entry fee must be paid before cutoff date. 
		If entry fee is not paid, disclaimer should state that tribe will be removed from competition. 
		Have user submit tribe, then get a popup where they have to select that they understand the payment disclaimer and so and so. They will have to check the box and submit everything (in a nice little recapped modal) in order to officially submit their tribe. Then get redirected to scores page or "submitted" page. 
		I kinda the submitted page. Can either send POST data to display their tribe, or can just send PlayerTribe ID so that it loads data from a separate API - do whatever is easier. But add confetti! Maybe it's easier to include the PlayerTribe ID din there as a GET request so that people can revisit/re-experience if they want - this would be GREAT content to post. 
⬜️	Add light mode / dark mode
		Adds a fun personalization option for people. 
		Can be a switch in the top toolbar on the far right. 
⬜️	Get domain up and running and get app routed to domain through Vercel. 
		Fix links in Whatsapp to reflect the new/official domain. 
⬜️	Figure out ideal contestant image dimenstions and format - keep it consistent and produce them all in photoshop to match dimensions and style
		Should I do no background? Or keep a background on the images? 